# rnative-template
Template for React-Native project

### Directory structure
```
rnative-template/
├── assets/
│   ├── fonts/
│   └── images/
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── Button.tsx
│   │   └── TextInput.tsx
│   ├── navigation/
│   │   ├── AuthNavigator.tsx
│   │   └── AppNavigator.tsx
│   ├── screens/
│   │   ├── HomeScreen.tsx
│   │   ├── ProfileScreen.tsx
│   │   └── SettingsScreen.tsx
│   ├── store/
│   │   ├── AuthProvider.ts
│   │   └── ThemeProvider.ts
│   ├── utils/
│   │   ├── constants.ts
│   │   └── helpers.ts
│   └── App.tsx
├── .env
├── .env.example
├── .eslintrc.js
├── .gitignore
├── .prettierrc
├── app.json
├── babel.config.js
├── eas.json
├── index.js
├── metro.config.js
├── package.json
├── package-lock.json
├── README.md
└── tsconfig.json
```

### Configuration Files

- **.env**: Contains environment variables loaded into your app at runtime (e.g., API keys, URLs, or sensitive data).
- **.env.example**: A template for the `.env` file with placeholder values. Serves as a reference for other developers.
- **.eslintrc.js**: Configures ESLint for enforcing coding standards and best practices across the project.
- **.gitignore**: Specifies files and directories that should be ignored by Git when committing changes.
- **.prettierrc**: Configures Prettier for automatically formatting code based on the specified settings.
- **app.json**: Contains configuration settings for the React Native app, including metadata and build settings.
- **babel.config.js**: Specifies Babel plugins and presets for transpiling TypeScript and JavaScript code.
- **eas.json**: Configures Expo Application Services (EAS) Build and Submit for cloud-based compilation and app store submission.
- **index.js**: Entry point for the React Native app; imports the root `App` component and registers it with `AppRegistry`.
- **metro.config.js**: Customizes Metro bundler behavior, such as file extensions, resolver options, and asset transformations.
- **package.json**: Lists the app's dependencies, scripts, and metadata for package management and project information.
- **package-lock.json**: Automatically generated by npm; locks dependencies to specific versions for consistent development environments.
- **README.md**: Provides documentation and instructions for the project, including setup, contribution, and issue reporting.
- **tsconfig.json**: Contains TypeScript configuration settings, such as compiler options, type checking rules, and module resolution.

### Manage Node.js version using Volta

```shell
curl https://get.volta.sh | bash
volta install node@18.15.0
```